Add new card scheme icons: Alelo, Sodexo and Ticket (#1708)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/hot-penguins-begin.md

---
"@sumup/icons": minor
---

> Add new card scheme icons for the payment methods: Alelo, Sodexo and Ticket

Reviewer: Nit for a consistent changelog:

```suggestion
Added new card scheme icons for `Alelo`, `Sodexo` and `Ticket`.
```
